Reset Stop-Words and Synonyms Settings With A Null Value (#47)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0047-reset-stop-words-synonyms-settings-with-null.md

- Title: Reset Stop-words and Synonyms settings with null value
- Start Date: 2021-06-08
- Specification PR: [#47](https://github.com/meilisearch/specifications/pull/47)
- MeiliSearch Tracking-issues:

# Reset Stop-words and Synonyms settings with a null value.

## 1. Functional Specification

### I. Summary

All Sub Settings `POST` endpoint accepts a null value in the http request body to reset the engine configuration to the default values. This is not the case for [Stop-words](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/stop_words.html#update-stop-words) and [Synonyms](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/synonyms.html#update-synonyms) settings endpoints.

### II. Motivation

This specification is written to make the above mentioned routes consistent with the others.

### III. Additional Materials
N/A

### IV. Explanation

#### Null value request body

```
null
```

> 

Reviewer: I don't understand this part. What do you want to explain here?

Author: I've added a better-detailed example to show what I mean by resetting with a `null` value.

#### [POST Stop-Words Endpoint](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/stop_words.html#update-stop-words)

Sending a `null` value in the request body like the given request body above should reset the `Stop-Words` setting to the engine default values.

> Default value for `Stop-Words` is an empty object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value for `Stop-Words` is an empty array.
```

#### [POST Synonyms Endpoint](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/synonyms.html#update-synonyms)

Sending a `null` value in the request body like the given request body above should reset the `Synonyms` setting to the engine default values.

> Default value for `Synonyms` is an empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value for `Synonyms` is an empty object.
```

- Title: Reset Stop-words and Synonyms settings with null value
- Start Date: 2021-06-08
- Specification PR: [#47](https://github.com/meilisearch/specifications/pull/47)

> - MeiliSearch Tracking-issues:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- MeiliSearch Tracking-issues: [transplant/#217](https://github.com/meilisearch/transplant/issues/217)
```

# Reset Stop-words and Synonyms settings with a null value.

## 1. Functional Specification

### I. Summary

> All Sub Settings `POST` endpoint accepts a null value in the http request body to reset the engine configuration to the default values. This is not the case for [Stop-words](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/stop_words.html#update-stop-words) and [Synonyms](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/synonyms.html#update-synonyms) settings endpoints.

Reviewer 3: whats happens if you send null today?

Reviewer 2: It resets the settings. Except for stop-words and synonyms

Author: If you send null today on the route you get an error about the request body format

### II. Motivation

This specification is written to make the above mentioned routes consistent with the others.

### III. Additional Materials
N/A

### IV. Explanation

#### Example

E.g. Reset Stop-Words setting with a null value on [POST Stop-Words Endpoint](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/stop_words.html#update-stop-words)

Given this stop-words configuration

```
[
    "of",
    "the"
]
```

As a User I send

```
null
```

To Expect

```
[]
```

#### [POST Stop-Words Endpoint](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/stop_words.html#update-stop-words)

Sending a `null` value in the request body like the given request body above should reset the `Stop-Words` setting to the engine default values.

The default value for `Stop-Words` is an empty array.

#### [POST Synonyms Endpoint](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/synonyms.html#update-synonyms)

Sending a `null` value in the request body like the given request body above should reset the `Synonyms` setting to the engine default values.

The default value for `Synonyms` is an empty object.

### V. Impact on Documentation
N/A

> ### VI. Impact on SDKs
> N/A

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### VI. Impact on SDKs
The SDKs might allow the `null` value for every settings. Already implemented, but the tests are not done for `synonyms` and `stop-words`.
```

Reviewer 2: (it might be to precise for your spec, feel free to not accept the second part of my comment @gmourier)
